c4chenba I accept these guidelines and intend to fulfill them.
g5cappar I accept these guidelines and intend to fulfill them.
c3chinji I accept these guidelines and intend to fulfill thme
c5barbha I accept these guidelines and intend to fulfill them.

Guidelines:

Methods of Communication:
We have created a facebook chat - CSC207 Project Group.  All group-based communication should go through here.
Meetings will be conducted either in person at an agreed upon location prior to the meeting, or via Skype.

Communication Response Times:
All team members are expected to respond in a timely fashion to messages directed at them, or at least let other members know
that they are busy and give an approximate time/date when they will be able to respond.

Meeting Attendance:
Attendance to all meeting is mandatory unless there is an unforseen circumstance or the team member has stated in advance 
that they will be unable to attend the meeting.  In the latter case, they are expected to provide this information at the previous
meeting which is when the next meeting will be determined.  In an effort to have full group strength at meetings, they will be scheduled
for the time when the most group members are available.

Running Meetings:
Ideally, meetings will be face-to-face, but in the event that one or more team members cannot be physically present, Skype
will be used for these cases.

Meeting Preparation:
Team members are expected to report on their current status for their assigned task in addition to any problems/obstacles
they may be facing.  Ideally, communication between all members should be ongoing via the facebook chat and thus each member should
be aware of what the other is doing and their current status.  As such, meetings are largely informal and mainly to discuss errors/debugging
and assigning tasks to be completed for the next meeting.

Version Control:
All changes to code, whether major or minor should be comitted. Files that are not required for the final submission should
not be comitted and can instead be shared via the facebook chat or Skype.  Log messages should be descriptive of what the team 
member is comitting, but can be of slightly lower quality for minor or trivial commits.  

Division of Work:
We will strive to divide the work as evenly as possible.  Ideally, team members will volunteer for certain tasks, but in the
event that there is a conflict/ no one wants to do a certain component, then a majority vote will be used to decide task assignments.

Submitting Assignments:
As long as the team member's component is finished by the start of the next meeting, then they have completed their obligation.
Despite this, we will encourage frequent commits and status updates via facebook so that other team members can utitlize the
new code or help with debugging. Until one team member fails to complete their component on time, we will work off the honour system
where it is assumed that all members will pull their weight.  When this method fails, the other team members will take turns
ensuring that the problematic team member completes their assignments on time.
  

Contingency Planning:
If a team member drops out, then we will contact the instructor and organize a meeting of the remaining members to 
discuss next steps.  If a team member does not adhere to the above rules, but provides a reasonable explanation, then the remaining
members will monitor that team member to ensure it does not happen again.  If the team member has no valid explanation, then the team will seek
guidance from the instructor.  The team will also notify the instructor if one or more members is academically dishonest.